hey guys I'm back welcome to the show I
have a larger package from Razer there
you laster company that's gonna make toy
guns and I instead of firing the phone
phone darts like a nerve for air zone or
a bus B or any of those guys to actually
fire Jill Jill capsules it's a little
sphere of water and it's basically like
paintball but when the jello capsule
will hit something it explodes it just
evaporates away so there's no sort of
cleanup like people I have absolutely no
idea what's in here I think there's a
right bolt I plastered called a Delta
500 but I'm not entirely sure so come
with me and we'll see what's in the
package
all right so the first thing out of the
box is this little guy this is a pistol
and it's called the Atlas 250 I think
that I can fit 250 rounds in it which is
amazing
this thing can last so that's the first
out of the box all right so next up is
the Delta 500 this is a bigger badder
version of that it has a shotgun pump
priming mechanism on a second fire 80
feet which is incredibly impressive for
a toy gun again as far as those those
yellow little water capsule thingies
it's like paintball but it's not messy
or anything it's heavy though everything
in the box seems just heavy for some
reason all right what's next I have
another Atlas alright cool
there you go yeah double pack for the
Atlas which I think it's just two
atlases with some lots of ammunition and
then some safety goggles and uh wow I
said need 2,000 rounds of this gel ammo
oh cool
it doesn't have to be soaked in water to
to Beefalo something
some companies I can't remember it what
what company name it is but you get a
whole bunch of things that are basically
like seeds and you put the seeds in a
glass of water and the scenes absorbed
water and they basically turn into heat
but you don't have to do this for those
the other ones you have to like let them
soak for a long time but not not paper
yeah I think I saw maybe another it's
another
so looks like this Emmys
it looks like they said need do four
atlases and then two Delta's along with
2,000 rounds of ammunition so thank you
very much
vapor I will I will try my best to make
good video on all this and you know
reviews and strategies and all that sort
of good stuff and I even try to get a
few friends to help me out and I make a
vapor war so like you guys want to check
that out and just um feel free to
subscribe above it it's completely free
in a way home you know if you enjoy the
video
you cannot go ahead and click that like
button and if you have any questions
about the vapor series or the company in
general you can ask me in the comment
section below so I wish you a happy time
of day wherever you are I see you later
[Music]